# Weather App

## Project Objectives :
- API Calling : The app utilizes API calls to fetch weather data from reliable weather data
providers. This ensures that users receive accurate and up-to-date weather information for their
desired locations.

- Shared Preferences : "Sky Scrapper" incorporates Shared Preferences to enhance the user
experience. Users can save specific cities or states of interest, and this information is stored
locally. The app provides a dedicated page where users can view their saved locations for quick
access to weather details.

- Network Connectivity : The app includes network connectivity checks to ensure uninterrupted
access to weather data. In scenarios where network connectivity is unavailable, the app
gracefully handles errors and presents an error screen, notifying the user about the network
unavailability and suggesting alternative actions.

- Fetch City/State/Country Wise Weather Detail : Users can search for weather details by
entering the name of a city, state, or country. The app retrieves the relevant weather information
and displays it in an organized and user-friendly manner, including temperature, humidity, wind
speed, and other relevant meteorological data.

- Light & Dark Themes : "Sky Scrapper" offers a visually pleasing experience with customizable
themes. Users can switch between light and dark themes based on their preferences, ensuring
comfortable usage in different lighting conditions and personalizing their weather app
experience.

- Splash Screen : The app features an appealing splash screen that creates a positive first
impression on users. The splash screen can showcase the app logo, weather-related imagery, or a
visually engaging animation, captivating users and setting the tone for their weather exploration.

- Detail Screen for Each City/State Wise Weather Detail : Each city or state's weather
information is presented on a dedicated detail screen. This screen provides a comprehensive
overview of the current weather conditions, along with additional details such as hourly and
daily forecasts, precipitation chances, and sunrise/sunset times. Users can explore and analyze
the weather data in depth for the selected location.

## Project Technologies :
- Dart language
- Flutter framework with MVC and Provider architecture

## Project Output :

https://github.com/Darshankumar09/Weather_Flutter_App/assets/116517559/e2147c26-7bd5-4599-a4de-255c9ae3491f
